I started exactly where most of you are
right now zero skills zero income but
today I'm going to tell you the story of
how I was able to generate seven million
dollars at the age of 26. and I know
what you're probably thinking why is
this guy lying about a sickening amount
of money but here's a bunch of
screenshots and at the end of the video
I'm going to tell you what the profit
was but let's start from the beginning
my name is Daniel Fazio we run a
software company a coaching company and
a recruiting company with 32 team
members right now and here's my entire
story of graduating college at 20
starting my first business losing it all
to then making millions I graduated
Florida State at the age of 20 with a
finance degree and yes I did think it
was a good investment and I did get a
lot of value and on the very last week
of college I saw a YouTube video that
said how to make ten thousand dollars
per month with Amazon FBA so I clicked
the video I went to the guys Channel and
I watched every single video that he had
on that channel in the span of three
days and on day five I went to a bank
with a check for eight thousand dollars
that I was going to send over to China
now remember the banker asking me if I
was getting scammed but I absolutely
promised her I was saved up a bunch of
money working customer support for Apple
during college and I worked at a grocery
store before then so this was basically
everything I had to my name and three
weeks later the product comes into
Amazon and it was stainless steel beer
bottle insulators now I thought I was
smart because what happened afterwards
and I didn't conceptualize in the moment
was that it was Father's Day and when
those products got listed I sold out
every single one within two weeks and I
remember I was going on a cruise for
graduation with a bunch of my friends by
the time I had walked onto the ship at
10 am on the day of the cruise I made
the entire cost of the trip in that
morning so this was my first taste of
success an actual substantial amount of
money I made for myself online and
because I thought I was smart I took all
of those profits rolled it back into
other products but I ended up losing all
my money which brought me to my next
venture the first one that was very
seriously successful and I want to tell
you how this happened I was at a bar
with a bunch of my friends and what
happened was he was showing me on his
phone all of these guys who were driving
around a Maseratis on on Instagram and
flexing how much money they made I know
it's cringe but it actually works and
it's hilarious because it caught my
attention so I follow them myself and
then the next day I went and looked at
all their profiles and I was trying to
figure out what exactly were they
selling because I wanted to get into
this marketing agency game it turned out
that they were running an Instagram
growth agency but how were they doing
this how were they getting their clients
results and the answer was a method
called follow unfollow now this doesn't
work anymore and you can't do it but it
absolutely cooked during the time so
again I went back on to YouTube and I
found every single video that I could
conceivably find on how to actually make
this work so I figured out what software
to use and I figured out how to actually
get results but I wanted people to pay
me money to do this so how do you get
someone to pay you money to do this I
needed proof because nobody's just gonna
buy something from you if you don't have
proof that it even actually works so I
hit up a bunch of friends that I met in
college and I offered them this for free
I said for three months I will grow your
Instagram for you and all I want in
return is the before and after photos so
I can put it on a landing page so I did
this for three months completely for
free making basically zero dollars and
only after those three months when I was
able to get those before and after
screenshots did I put them on the
website and start sending cold emails to
get clients for this it took me about
six months after I had those screenshots
to take that from zero to twelve
thousand dollars per month and you can
imagine as a 21 year old at this point
making twelve thousand dollars a month
it was an absolutely sickening amount of
money and I was able to do things like
take the girl I was with at the time to
Miami and pay for my friends dinners and
it was amazing it was the best thing
ever but then one day I wake up and Mr
Zuckerberg decides that he is going to
change the algorithms on this day and
all of my clients got a message on their
Instagram that if they continue to do
follow unfollow they were going to get
banned so I lost all of my clients in a
single day so what do you do from here
well I got all the clients using cold
email I didn't have the offer to sell
anymore so why not just sell what I did
to grow the the business to a past
version of myself I.E other marketing
agencies so this is when I made my lead
generation business and what a lead
generation business is is when you go to
another business and you offer to grow
their business and get them leads and
get paid for the leads so that's what I
did I made a cold email agency I was
very successful at that and after
running it for about a year or a year
and a half I decided to make a Twitter
account and on that Twitter account I
called it cold email Wizard and what I
was doing with this account was in an
effort to get more clients I decided to
make a low priced course called cold
email Mastery and this thing absolutely
blew up I ended up making 1.1 million
dollars just from that course but what
was happening over time as I was selling
this course I was directing people to
use this software app to get emails and
then use this software app to send
emails and I figured to myself why am I
sending all of this traffic to other
people's companies that I don't own and
that is when I embarked upon replicating
every single software app involved
process of sending cold emails so I made
six in total and some failed and some
were successful and after running these
I met my business partners Andre
Christian and Dan who now we run
together client Ascension which is a
coaching program that helps people grow
their agencies using cold email which
also has a recruitment arm where we will
place commission-based cold emailers
inside of other companies businesses we
have 32 team members for that right now
and if you want to hit numbers like I
showed you earlier in this video you
need to do these four things one you
need more social proof your income is
directly proportional to the amount of
proof that you have that you can in fact
get a client result so it's the classic
chicken in the egg story what came first
the client or the case study and the
answer is obviously the client for you
to get the case study in the first place
because nobody is going to pay you three
thousand four thousand five thousand
dollars per month if you don't have
proof you can even actually do the thing
and I've watched so many videos of other
people trying to justify why you don't
need to work for free and they do all
these words gymnastics around why you
don't have to work for free and it's all
absolute nonsense everyone who ever
makes anything that's worth anything did
in fact work for free no one's paying
you five thousand dollars per month if
you can't even prove that you can do the
thing so yes work for free get the
before and afters get the case studies
you have to do this everyone needs to do
this two you need to make more content
you can't be a ghost on the internet so
let me try to explain this situation to
you let's say that you sent a code email
to a company what happens when somebody
gets a code email obviously their first
impression is that you're a scammer so
what does someone do when they get the
cold email they're gonna look at your
sending domain they're going to go to
your website what do they see on the
website do you even exist on the website
is there a video of you on the website
to show that you actually are a real
business they're gonna google your name
they're gonna google your company name
what shows up when they do that do you
have YouTube content do you have a
Twitter do you have a LinkedIn No One's
Gonna pay you money if you don't exist
on the internet because they don't want
to get scammed it's a completely
reasonable thing to ask of you if you
want to run any of this successful yes
you do in fact need to exist on the
internet and you can't just send a
thousand cold emails and get a bunch of
clients it doesn't work like that you
have to stick with one business model
you can't offer switch I'm going to try
selling this I'm going to try selling
this I'm going to try selling this
because every time you try to sell
something else you lose all of your
compounding effect you don't need 32
businesses that make fifty dollars per
month you need to get one business to
10K 20K 30k a month and the reason why
is because you hit Revenue barrier you
have to get to 10K for the first time
and by getting to 10K for the first time
you become the person capable of
operating something at 10K per month and
then the same thing at 20 and the same
thing at 30 and the same thing at 500k a
month and a million a month if you never
take one business to one specific
Revenue level you'll never be able to
take any business to any Revenue level
four and most importantly you need to
stick with something and this is
important because people don't just buy
something immediately they have
conversion Cycles you don't just send a
code email hop on a call one call close
somebody for five thousand dollars a
month it's just simply not going to
happen if I were to ask you right now if
you've never made a website before to go
make a website that seems extremely
daunting to you and the reason why is
because of the uncertainty you don't
know what platform to build a website on
you don't know what buttons to click on
the platform to get the website up if I
ask you to go film a video sales letter
you don't know what to say in a video
sales letter you don't know how to film
yourself if I ask you to get on a sales
call you don't even know how to operate
a sales call and why this is so daunting
to you is because of the uncertainty you
have never done it before ever but when
you do something for the first time and
you do it successfully you never have to
do it for the first time ever again
because it's not the absolute amount of
work you need to exert to do something
successful it's the uncertainty of not
knowing how to do it correctly for the
first time now let's talk about profit
margins how much of the that was profit
so in the beginning the margin was
extremely high 80 90 percent I was
running everything by myself but what
happens when you run something at an
extremely high profit margin is you get
burnt out and you can't scale so what do
you do from here you need to get team
members you need to get good people and
good people cost money in the way you
need to think of this is not let's say
you're at 10K per month and you want to
get the 20K and you're 10K a month right
now it's just you you're running at a 90
profit margin and if I tell you to go
hire somebody for two thousand dollars
per month what you're thinking in your
head is that you're gonna go from 10K
per month to 8K per month you're gonna
lose 20 margin by hiring this person
that's not how it works the first 10K
was 90 margin the next 10K was lower
than that so as I've done seven million
Revenue the profit margin has gradually
gone down but that's in order to get to
100 and 200 and 300 so all in all what
is it so far it's about two mil now if
you want to learn more about business
whether you want to get more clients or
you want to get your first subscribe to
the channel and I highly recommend you
watch this video a realistic timeline
from zero to 50K per month and also if
you're a marketing agency or B2B
business and you want to learn how to
grow your company using cold email go to
the link in the description
clientasension.com